docs(ifr): introducing llama3-70b-instruct (#3231)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/managed-inference/reference-content/llama-3-70b-instruct.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Understanding the Llama-3-70b-instruct model
  description: Deploy your own secure Llama-3-70b-instruct model with Scaleway Managed Inference. Privacy-focused, fully managed.
content:
  h1: Understanding the Llama-3-70b-instruct model
  paragraph: This page provides information on the Llama-3-70b-instruct model
tags:
dates:

>   validation: 2024-03-06

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  validation: 2024-05-28
```

categories:
  - ai-data
---

## Model overview

| Attribute       | Details                            |
|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| Provider        | [Meta](https://llama.meta.com/llama3/)  |
| Model Name      | `llama-3-70b-instruct`                 |
| Compatible Instances | H100 (int8)    |
| Context size | 8192 tokens   |

## Model names

```bash
meta/llama-3-70b-instruct:int8
```

## Compatible Instances

- [H100 (INT8)](https://www.scaleway.com/en/h100-pcie-try-it-now/)

## Model introduction

Meta’s Llama 3 is an iteration of the open-access Llama family.
Llama 3 was designed to match the best proprietary models, enhanced by community feedback for greater utility and responsibly spearheading the deployment of LLMs. 
With a commitment to open source principles, this release marks the beginning of a multilingual, multimodal future for Llama 3, pushing the boundaries in reasoning and coding capabilities.

## Why is it useful?

> It's great to see Meta continuing its commitment to open(weight) AI, and we’re excited to fully support their mission with integration in the Scaleway ecosystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are dedicated to supporting Meta's commitment to open(weight) AI and their mission, through integration in the Scaleway ecosystem.
```

Llama 3 marks a significant advancement over Llama 2 and other available models due to several enhancements:

Llama-3-70b-instruct offers seamless integration with chat applications and customer service platforms, facilitating smooth communication between businesses and their customers.

> Its robust performance in natural language understanding, enhanced by superior common sense reasoning, enriches user experiences and boosts customer satisfaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its robust performance in natural language understanding, enhanced by superior common sense reasoning, enriches user experience and boosts customer satisfaction.
```
